---
title: "Flaked On by a Visiting guy"
date: 2020-07-11T22:47:57-07:00
draft: false
---

Event date: Saturday, 11 Jul 2020

Writing date: Saturday, 11 Jul 2020


Been talking to this guy, Joey, since morning. I thought he was perfect: face, body, ass. As we were talking throughout the day (i.e., daytime), I bought in to the hope that we would meet up later that night. However, come six o'clock evening, Joey bailed and had to go to Walmart. LOL. After that, I knew it wasn't happening. 

Then, when 9:01 PM came, he messaged me that he was "on my way" and asked for more pics. I obliged and was very excited and optimistic that he would arrive soon. But, alas, what a flake.

Thirty minutes later, he messaged me to ask if we could do it tomorrow instead because he had to save her lady friend. My initial response was to tell him that it was okay as if I was not hurt. 

Now, I'd like to ask myself... Why did I have to respond? Why did you have to say that changing his mind was completely okay?

I guess I responded to "not make him feel bad?" To show that I was not affected and that I was not a loser? 
I think the lesson here is that it's okay to wear your emotions and be seen that you were hurt. That it's okay to lose and be the loser. 

No—the real lesson here is that you need to **be honest** with yourself. Thought honesty, comes the secondar effect of having the acceptance: admit that you were hurt. This springs you into action that you need to care for yourself first before even responding. Have some self-respect man! 

Your emotions come first! You gotta care for yourself. Secondly, this automatically communicates to the other person that what they did was not cool. 

You wooed him so hard, and he didn't give back the same level interest. Be honest with yourself and acknowledge that. It hurts and you need to care for yourself; acknowledge that. 

No need to mask your true emotions bro! Be honest with yourself!